---
layout: post
title: "Platitudes Aren't Enough"
date: 2025-08-26
feature_image: images/platitudes-arent-enough.jpg
tags: [Ethics, Personal Journey]
---

So I've decided to start a blog. I haven't established a massive internet presence so here is a bit of my background to catch you up on who I am. I am a Catholic Christian who part time runs an online store known as Disciple Fitness as a hobby business. Back in 2023 when I started the store I did so out of ambition to start a new project with the extra free time I had, and also a desire to see more faith based exercise clothing in the world of secular Nike, Adidas, etc. I also thought I had an untapped market and ultimately could do some good with my designs. I was partly inspired by my assessment of fitness and theology connections—something I would like to still write a book about at some point, though that would require much more research. Since I couldn’t find Christian gym wear that resonated with me, I created an apparel business to solve my own problem—and hopefully help others facing the same challenge.

Fast forward to today, and I am not as active in promoting the business as I once was. Part of the reason is that last year I decided to stop advertising on X after a wave of account bans affected some of my friends due to Elon Musk’s H1B visa crash out. I didn’t want to invest more money in a platform that felt unstable and hypocritical—Elon Musk claimed to promote free speech, yet dissenting voices were selectively banned. That in addition to realizing my market was much more saturated than I had known gave me pause on whether I was needed in that fight. When I started there were very few Christian clothing businesses to my knowledge, but now you can quickly check Instagram and there are countless options. I realized that I hadn't really been putting my efforts in the right place. When I first started my business I was very much in a different mindset about where the clothing industry was. I felt like we desperately needed a Christian representative that was specifically pro -men while staying true to Catholic theology. I still do believe this is needed but to the extent I—a man without a graphic design background—may not be as crucial as I once imagined. 

This feeling was exaggerated by the fact that I don’t enjoy a lot of the tasks involved with running an online business. Building shipping into the price of the item to psychologically subvert people’s expectations, harassing people with marketing emails, filling those emails with marketing copy, posting platitudes on social media to build the brand, configuring the back-end routing for my store, setting up WordPress plugins, posting slop memes to keep engagement up. I truly find these things annoying when I encounter them on social media myself, so when I found myself doing them I became simply exhausted and frustrated. I felt like I was wasting my time and struggling to build a brand when what I really wanted to do was write and speak on the issues that had inspired the business in the first place. I wanted to make an impact and grow in my faith at the same time, but the business ironically held me back; taking time away from prayer, studying Church history, and contributing to the cultural conversation in a more meaningful way.

I believe that if Christians want to have a meaningful impact on the culture war, we need to focus on using our skills where they matter most. One skill I have—far stronger than my graphic design abilities—is an intense drive to get to the bottom of things. I grew up in a school system that misrepresented who I was and the culture I came from, where I was taught to feel ashamed of my identity and told I was on the “wrong side of history” for being Catholic. This has left a strong impact on my development and worldview. Once you find out the textbooks are not only wrong, but lying to you intentionally, there is no going back. With this blog, I hope to begin a new chapter—one that allows me to dig deep, uncover the truth, and share it with others. If you’ve ever felt the same pull to question, to seek, and to find clarity, I invite you to walk with me in this conversation. 

Thank you for your time.